a firmament in 
a tree yielding 
above the earth 
above the firmament 
abundantly after their 
abundantly the moving 
after his kind 
after our likeness 
after their kind 
air and over 
air and to 
all the earth 
also and god 
and beast of 
and behold it 
and cattle after 
and creeping thing 
and darkness was 
and divided the 
and every living 
and every thing 
and every tree 
and every winged 
and female created 
and fill the 
and for days 
and for seasons 
and fowl that 
and god blessed 
and god called 
and god created 
and god divided 
and god made 
and god said 
and god saw 
and god set 
and have dominion 
and herb yielding 
and it was 
and let fowl 
and let it 
and let the 
and let them 
and multiply and 
and over all 
and over every 
and over the 
and replenish the 
and subdue it 
and the darkness 
and the earth 
and the evening 
and the fruit 
and the gathering 
and the lesser 
and the morning 
and the spirit 
and the tree 
and there was 
and to divide 
and to every 
and to rule 
and void and 
and years and 
appear and it 
be a firmament 
be for lights 
be for meat 
be for signs 
be fruitful and 
be gathered together 
be light and 
be lights in 
bearing seed which 
beast of the 
beginning god created 
behold i have 
behold it was 
blessed them and 
blessed them saying 
bring forth abundantly 
bring forth grass 
bring forth the 
brought forth abundantly 
brought forth grass 
called he seas 
called night and 
called the dry 
called the firmament 
called the light 
cattle after their 
cattle and creeping 
cattle and over 
created great whales 
created he him 
created he them 
created man in 
created the heaven 
creature after his 
creature that hath 
creature that moveth 
creepeth upon the 
creeping thing and 
creeping thing that 
darkness and god 
darkness he called 
darkness was upon 
day and god 
day and over 
day and the 
day from the 
days and years 
deep and the 
divide the day 
divide the light 
divide the waters 
divided the light 
divided the waters 
dominion over the 
dry land appear 
dry land earth 
earth after his 
earth and every 
earth and god 
earth and it 
earth and over 
earth and subdue 
earth and the 
earth and to 
earth bring forth 
earth brought forth 
earth in the 
earth so god 
earth was without 
earth wherein there 
evening and the 
every beast of 
every creeping thing 
every fowl of 
every green herb 
every herb bearing 
every living creature 
every living thing 
every thing that 
every tree in 
every winged fowl 
face of all 
face of the 
female created he 
fifth day and 
fill the waters 
firmament and divided 
firmament and it 
firmament from the 
firmament heaven and 
firmament in the 
firmament of heaven 
firmament of the 
first day and 
fish of the 
fly above the 
for days and 
for lights in 
for meat and 
for seasons and 
for signs and 
form and void 
forth abundantly after 
forth abundantly the 
forth grass and 
forth grass the 
forth the living 
fourth day and 
fowl after his 
fowl multiply in 
fowl of the 
fowl that may 
from the darkness 
from the night 
from the waters 
fruit after his 
fruit of a 
fruit tree yielding 
fruit whose seed 
fruitful and multiply 
gathered together unto 
gathering together of 
give light upon 
given every green 
given you every 
god blessed them 
god called the 
god created great 
god created he 
god created man 
god created the 
god divided the 
god made the 
god made two 
god moved upon 
god said behold 
god said let 
god said unto 
god saw every 
god saw that 
god saw the 
god set them 
good and god 
good and the 
grass and herb 
grass the herb 
great lights the 
great whales and 
greater light to 
green herb for 
had made and 
hath life and 
have dominion over 
have given every 
have given you 
he called night 
he had made 
he him male 
he made the 
he seas and 
he them and 
heaven and god 
heaven and the 
heaven be gathered 
heaven to divide 
heaven to give 
herb bearing seed 
herb for meat 
herb yielding seed 
him male and 
his kind and 
his kind cattle 
his kind whose 
his own image 
i have given 
image after our 
image in the 
image of god 
in his own 
in itself after 
in itself upon 
in our image 
in the beginning 
in the earth 
in the firmament 
in the image 
in the midst 
in the open 
in the seas 
in the which 
is in itself 
is life i 
is the fruit 
is upon the 
it and have 
it divide the 
it shall be 
it was good 
it was so 
it was very 
itself after his 
itself upon the 
kind and cattle 
kind and every 
kind and god 
kind and it 
kind and the 
kind cattle and 
kind whose seed 
land appear and 
land earth and 
lesser light to 
let fowl multiply 
let it divide 
let the dry 
let the earth 
let the waters 
let them be 
let them have 
let there be 
let us make 
life and fowl 
life i have 
light and god 
light and there 
light day and 
light from the 
light that it 
light to rule 
light upon the 
lights in the 
lights the greater 
likeness and let 
living creature after 
living creature that 
living thing that 
made and behold 
made the beast 
made the firmament 
made the stars 
made two great 
make man in 
male and female 
man in his 
man in our 
may fly above 
meat and it 
meat and to 
midst of the 
morning were the 
moved upon the 
moveth upon the 
moveth which the 
moving creature that 
multiply and fill 
multiply and replenish 
multiply in the 
night and let 
night and the 
night and to 
night he made 
of a tree 
of all the 
of god created 
of god moved 
of heaven and 
of the air 
of the deep 
of the earth 
of the heaven 
of the sea 
of the waters 
one place and 
open firmament of 
our image after 
our likeness and 
over all the 
over every creeping 
over every living 
over the cattle 
over the day 
over the fish 
over the fowl 
over the night 
own image in 
place and let 
replenish the earth 
rule over the 
rule the day 
rule the night 
said behold i 
said let the 
said let there 
said let us 
said unto them 
saw every thing 
saw that it 
saw the light 
saying be fruitful 
sea and over 
seas and god 
seas and let 
seasons and for 
second day and 
seed after his 
seed and the 
seed is in 
seed to you 
seed was in 
seed which is 
set them in 
shall be for 
signs and for 
so and god 
so and the 
so god created 
spirit of god 
stars also and 
subdue it and 
that creepeth upon 
that hath life 
that he had 
that it was 
that may fly 
that moveth upon 
that moveth which 
the air and 
the beast of 
the beginning god 
the cattle and 
the darkness and 
the darkness he 
the day and 
the day from 
the deep and 
the dry land 
the earth after 
the earth and 
the earth bring 
the earth brought 
the earth in 
the earth so 
the earth was 
the earth wherein 
the evening and 
the face of 
the fifth day 
the firmament and 
the firmament from 
the firmament heaven 
the firmament of 
the first day 
the fish of 
the fourth day 
the fowl of 
the fruit of 
the fruit tree 
the gathering together 
the greater light 
the heaven and 
the heaven be 
the heaven to 
the herb yielding 
the image of 
the lesser light 
the light day 
the light from 
the light that 
the living creature 
the midst of 
the morning were 
the moving creature 
the night and 
the night he 
the open firmament 
the sea and 
the seas and 
the second day 
the sixth day 
the spirit of 
the stars also 
the third day 
the tree yielding 
the waters and 
the waters bring 
the waters brought 
the waters called 
the waters from 
the waters in 
the waters under 
the waters which 
the which is 
their kind and 
them and god 
them be for 
them be fruitful 
them have dominion 
them in the 
them saying be 
there be a 
there be light 
there be lights 
there is life 
there was light 
thing and beast 
thing that creepeth 
thing that he 
thing that moveth 
third day and 
to divide the 
to every beast 
to every fowl 
to every thing 
to give light 
to rule over 
to rule the 
to you it 
together of the 
together unto one 
tree in the 
tree yielding fruit 
tree yielding seed 
two great lights 
under the firmament 
under the heaven 
unto one place 
unto them be 
upon the earth 
upon the face 
us make man 
very good and 
void and darkness 
was good and 
was in itself 
was light and 
was so and 
was upon the 
was very good 
was without form 
waters and god 
waters and let 
waters bring forth 
waters brought forth 
waters called he 
waters from the 
waters in the 
waters under the 
waters which were 
were above the 
were the fifth 
were the first 
were the fourth 
were the second 
were the sixth 
were the third 
were under the 
whales and every 
wherein there is 
which is the 
which is upon 
which the waters 
which were above 
which were under 
whose seed is 
whose seed was 
winged fowl after 
without form and 
years and let 
yielding fruit after 
yielding fruit whose 
yielding seed after 
yielding seed and 
yielding seed to 
you every herb 
you it shall 
